- MARK CYR,
11TH GRADE ENGLISH.
- I JUST GAVE NICOTINE GUM
TO MY DAUGHTER'S TEACHER.
- WILL YOU GO OUT WITH ME?
- HI, I'M GABBY.
MAX'S BEHAVIORAL AIDE.
- IT'S JUST SO NICE TO SEE
MAX PLAY WITH OTHER KIDS.
YOU MAKE IT SEEM SO EASY.
- I HAVE THE RESULTS
OF THE PATERNITY TEST.
I HAVE A SON.
I'M A FATHER.
- HIPS UP, HEELS DOWN.
VERY GOOD.
BACK DOWN TO YOUR KNEES,
BREATHING IN.
NOW INHALE.
ARCHING YOUR BACK UP
LIKE A KITI'Y CAT.
AND EXHALE.
[exhales loudly]
EXTENDING OUT
LIKE A COW, MOO.
- others: MOO.
- BOY, YOU WEREN'T KIDDING,
THIS YOGA'S GREAT.
- SHH, YOU'RE NOT
SUPPOSED TO TALK.
- OH, OKAY,
I'LL STOP TALKING.
- AND HIPS UP IN
A DOWNWARD FACING DOG.
OH.
[groaning softly]
- CROSBY!
YOU'RE DOING IT WRONG AGAIN.
- YEAH,
I'M AWARE OF THAT.
- HOW OLD IS YOUR SON?
- OH, THIS IS JABBAR,
HE'S FIVE.
- I'M FIVE, TOO.
- I'M FIVE AND A HALF.
- I'M FIVE
AND TH REE-QUARTERS.
[laughing]
- WELL, JABBAR...
I THINK THIS IS WHAT
THE YOGIS WOULD CALL FATE, HMM?
WOULD YOU BOYS LIKE
TO COME OVER FOR A PLAY DATE?
IF THAT'S
OKAY WITH YOUR DAD.
- YEAH,
WE LOVE PLAY DATES.
- OKAY.
- GREAT.
CAN'T WAIT.
- YEAH, ME NEITHER.
OKAY.
- ONE MORE INHALE.
AND EXHALE.
SH.
- YOU HAVE TO BREATHE, ADAM.
- ALMOST THERE.
- BREATHE.
- HADDIE!
- WHAT?
- COME HERE.
- [scoffs]
- HONEY, WHAT ABOUT
THESE FOR TOMORROW?
LOOK. THESE WERE
IN THE GOODWILL.
- NO, MOM.
- THEY'RE PERFECT.
MOM, YOU'RE NOT SERIOUS.
AUNT JULIA WORKS IN
A REAL OFFICE.
- I WORE THESE
TO REAL PLACES.
- WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
- [sigh]
IT'S CAREER WEEK, AND
I GET TO TAKE MONDAY OFF
TO SHADOW SOMEBODY IN
THE CAREER OF MY CHOOSING.
- WHAT'S WRONG
WITH MY CAREER?
- I CAN REALLY ANSWER
THAT IF YOU WANT.
- AH! HA-HA!
- OKAY.
- GOT IT!
- GOOD JOB, HONEY.
- GOT IT, HIGH FIVE.
- WHOO!
- OKAY, ALL RIGHT, LET'S DO IT.
- SO CUTE.
- NO.
- HERE WE GO.
THIS IS ONE OF THOSE
BRAVERMAN FAMILY FUN THINGS,
AND I'M NOT DOING IT.
- YES, IT IS.
- WELL, I'M GOING TO
A MOVIE AT 5:00 WITH STEVE,
AND MOM ALREADY
GAVE ME PERMISSION.
- SORRY.
- ALL RIGHT, YOU KNOW WHAT?
IT'S FINE,
WE STILL HAVE AN HOUR
FOR BRAVERMAN
FAMILY BONDING.
YOU GUYS MOUNT UP,
I'M GONNA GO GET THE BOY.
- WELL, THE BOY STILL
HAS 40 MINUTES LEFI' WITH GABBY.
- NO, HE DOESN'T.
- UH, YEAH, HE DOES.
IT'S ON A GIGANTIC SCHEDULE
IN THE KITCHEN,
AND IT'S HARD TO MISS.
- I'M SORRY, HONEY.
WE CAN DO THIS ANOTHER TIME.
- IT'S GONNA BE GREAT.
WE GOT 20 MINUTES.
WE'RE GONNA GO AROUND THE BLOCK.
- HONEY, WE CAN
DO THIS ANOTHER TIME.
- MOM.
- IT'S NOT A BIG DEAL.
HE HAS TO STICK
TO THAT SCHEDULE.
- I DON'T THINK
WE SHOULD STOP RIGHT NOW.
- [sighs]
YOU'RE GONNA GET PAID
FOR THE ENTIRE SESSION.
COME ON, IT'S AN ENTIRE
SUNDAY AFTERNOON OFF.
I'M SURE THERE
ARE PLENTY OF OTHER THINGS
YOU'D RATHER BE DOING.
- WE'RE REALLY
MAKING STRIDES WITH
HIS STICKER SYSTEM RIGHT NOW
AND I'D HATE TO DERAIL
ALL THAT HARD--
- GABY.
- GABY?
I FINISHED MATH, CAN I HAVE
MY SPIDERMAN STICKERS NOW?
- HOW YOU DOING, PAL?
- ACTUALLY, MAX,
THE DEAL WAS
YOU FINISH MATH AND READING,
AND YOU GET YOUR STICKERS.
- OKAY, CAN
WE START READING THEN?
- GET TO IT.
- YEAH. IT'S NICE.
IT'S NICE TO LIVE HERE.
AND OF COURSE,
WHAT 38-YEAR-OLD WOMAN
DOES NOT ENJOY LIVING
AT HOME WITH HER PARENTS?
- [chuckles]
- THAT'S A REAL...
- SOUNDS FUN.
- I JUST TOLD YOU
HOW OLD I AM.
- THAT'S OKAY.
ALL RIGHT, I--YOU'RE--
YOU HAVE A DAUGHTER
WHO'S A JUNIOR,
I KIND OF ASSUMED YOU DIDN'T
HAVE HER WHEN YOU WERE TEN.
- REALLY?
- YEAH.
YOU WAN NA KNOW ACTUALLY
WHAT I WAS THINKING JUST THERE?
- YES.
- YOU'VE HAD YOUR ARMS CROSSED
FOR ALMOST THIS ENTIRE WALK,
AND I REALLY
WANNA HOLD YOUR HAND,
BUT I DON'T KNOW HOW TO DO
THAT WHEN THEY'RE LIKE THAT.
DO I TRY TO GO FOR THAT ONE,
OR THAT--I MEAN, IT'S...
SO I DON'T KNOW IF--
WELL, THERE YOU GO.
SEE, THAT'S WHAT
I'M TALKING ABOUT.
YOU'RE--YOU'RE SO GOOD.
- I'VE GOT
12 YEARS ON YOU.
- THAT's TRUE.
- [glggleSJ
- I'M SORRY.
- OH, SORRY.
- NO, I'M SORRY.
- I'M SORRY.
I MISREAD
THE HAND-HOLDING THING.
- NO, YOU DIDN'T.
COME HERE.
- [clears throat]
- IT'S JUST, UH...
I JUST CAN'T STOP
THINKING ABOUT AMBER.
I LIED TO HER TODAY.
I WAS GONNA TELL HER, AND THEN
SHE CALLED ME "PULCHRITUDINOUS."
AND I GOT DISTRACT ED.
OH, YOU THINK
THAT'S FUNNY?
- NO, NO,
THAT MEANS BEAUTIFUL.
PULCHRITUDINOUS.
IT'S ONE OF HER S.A.T. WORDS.
- IT IS?
- SHE USED IT APPROPRIATELY,
I'M PROUD OF HER.
- THANKS.
DUMB.
- NO.
HERE'S A THOUGHT
ABOUT AMBER.
I THINK THAT WE SHOULD
TAKE, LIKE, A TEST RUN
WHERE WE MAKE OUT, AND
WE JUST SEE HOW THAT GOES.
BECAUSE IT WOULD BE A TOTAL
WASTE IF WE TOLD AMBER
AND THEN IT TURNS OUT THAT
WE ACTUALLY REPULSE EACH OTHER.
- [mouths]
OKAY.
[Amos Lee's Colors]
- WHEN YOU'RE GONE
ALL THE COLORS FADE
WHEN YOU'RE GONE
NO NEW YEAR'S DAY PARADE
YOU'RE GONE
COLORS SEEM TO FADE
- NOTHING.
- NO CHEMISTRY.
- MM-MM.
- NO SPARK, NOTHING.
- NOT A THING.
- JUST...
WELL, LET ME
TRY IT ONE MORE TIME.
- MAY GOD BLESS
AND KEEP YOU ALWAYS
AND MAY YOUR WISHES
ALL COME TRUE
MAY YOU ALWAYS DO
FOR OTHERS
AND LET OTHERS DO FOR YOU
MAY YOU BUILD A LADDER
TO THE STARS
AND CLIMB ON EVERY RUNG
AND MAY YOU STAY
FOREVER YOUNG
MAY YOU GROW UP
TO BE RIGHTEOUS
TO BE TRUE
MAY YOU ALWAYS KNOW
THE TRUTH
AND SEE THE LIGHTS
SURROUNDING YOU
MAY YOU ALWAYS BE
COURAGEOUS
STAND UPRIGHT
AND BE STRONG
AND MAY YOU STAY
FOREVER YOUNG
MAY YOU STAY
[honking]
- OKAY, I'M COMING!
I'M READY!
- OH, LOOK AT YOU!
- I KNOW.
DO YOU LIKE MY HAIR?
- HADDIE, HONEY.
YOU FORGOT YOUR LUNCH.
- UM, IT'S OKAY, AUNT JULIA
SAID SHE'S TAKING ME OUT.
- IT'S EGG SALAD.
- OKAY, MORNING, CHRISTINA.
WE'RE BURNING BILLABLE HOURS
HERE SO WE GO'I'I'A GO.
- JULIA, THANK YOU
SO MUCH FOR DOING THIS,
IT'S SO SWEET OF YOU.
SHE'S SO EXCITED.
- OH, GOOD.
- CAN I GIVE YOU SOME MONEY?
- NO, NO.
NO, I'M TAKING HER OUT
ON THE FIRM'S DIME.
- OH, IF YOU'RE SURE,
THAT'S GREAT.
- YEAH.
- THANK YOU.
THANK HER.
- UH-HUH, I DID.
- OKAY.
- BE NICE, BE CORDIAL--
- OKAY, I GOT IT.
THANKS, MOM, BYE.
- THANKS, JULES.
- I GO'I'I'A GO, OKAY.
- I KNOW.
- BYE!
- THIS ONE.
- OH, COME ON.
- I KNOW THIS ONE.
- COGITATE.
- COGITATING.
- [giggIeSJ
- IT MEANS To...
NOT KNOW THE ANSWER.
- AH! COME ON.
AMBER!
- I KNOW.
- S.A.T.'S ARE IN FIVE DAYS,
YOU GOTTA KNOW
ALL OF THESE COLD.
- UGH, "NOISY AND
DIFFICULT TO CONTROL."
- HUH, IT'S WEIRD,
YOU FORGOT THAT ONE.
- OH, THAT'S SO FUNNY.
- [chuckles]
- I REALLY AM
STUDYING REALLY HARD.
I'M EVEN USING MY WORDS
IN EVERYDAY SPEECH.
YOU CAN CALL MY MOM AND ASK
FOR CORROBORATION IF YOU PLEASE.
- WELL,
I'M NOT GONNA DO THAT.
BUT I WILL ASK YOU IF
YOU HAVE YOUR iPOD WITH YOU.
- NO.
THEY'RE NOT ALLOWED ON SCHOOL
GROUNDS, SO WHY WOULD I--
- I KNOW YOU'RE PACKING,
I SAW YOU.
- UNBELIEVABLE.
JUST BECAUSE I MISS ONE WORD,
I'M ROBBED OF THE ONLY THING
THAT PROVIDES DISTRACT ION
FROM THIS ORDEAL.
- NO,
I'M NOT PUNISHING YOU.
IN FACT,
I'VE BEEN REALLY IMPRESSED
BY HOW HARD
YOU'VE BEEN WORKING.
SO I GOT YOU A LITTLE PRESENT.
- WHAT IS IT?
- [clears throat]
- YOU MADE ME A PLAYLIST?
- MM-HMM.
SO FOR THE NEXT FIVE DAYS,
YOU ARE GOING TO EAT, SLEEP,
AND BREATHE THE S.A.T.'S.
- WOW.
- AND THIS SHOULD HELP.
- THANKS.
- OKAY.
AND ALSO TAKE THESE.
THEY'RE VERY IMPORTANT.
- COOL.
- ALL RIGHT.
- THANK YOU. GREAT.
- WORK ON THEM.
- I WILL.
- DON'T JUST LET THEM
COLLECT DUST.
- OKAY.
- I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW.
- OKAY, BYE.
[doorbell rings]
- HEY.
- HI.
- WELCOME.
- OH, WOW. WHAT A DUMP.
- OH!
- I'M SO SORRY ABOUT THIS.
- YES, WELL...
THE ONE PERK OF
CATCHING YOUR HUSBAND
WITH AN H-O-O-K-E-R.
- OH.
- WE HAVE A POOL.
- MY DAD HAS AN OCEAN.
- OH, JABBAR,
IT'S NOT POLITE TO BRAG.
- [giggIeSJ
- IT'S MORE OF A MARINA
THAN IT IS AN OCEAN.
- OH, OKAY.
- WHOA.
- [glggleSJ
MILO, WHY DON'T YOU GO
SHOW JABBAR THE TENNIS COURT?
- OH, THE TENNIS COURTS.
THAT'S--YOU KNOW, I DON'T KNOW
HOW COMPETITIVE HE'S GONNA BE.
WE DON'T REALLY HAVE HIM
ON THE COUNTRY CLUB CIRCUIT YET.
- OH,_ PLEASE.
[glggleSJ
MILO CAN BARELY
HOLD A RACQUET.
MY EX HAS THIS IDEA
THAT HE'S GOING TO GROW UP
TO BE A TENNIS STAR.
SO WHAT ABOUT
YOU AND JABBAR'S MOM?
ARE YOU GUYS COOL?
- YEAH. UH, WE ARE.
IT'S A FUNNY STORY, ACTUALLY.
- OH.
- CROSBY!
- YEAH?
- WE'RE PLAYING TAG,
AND YOU'RE IT!
- OH, I'M IT? WELL, YOU
BE'I'I'ER KEEP IT MOVING THEN.
- [giggIeSJ
- TAG IN THE POOL!
[roaring]
- NO, NO, NO, NO, NO!
AH! JUMP IN THE POOL!
WOO-HOO!
- wow, THIs LOOKS GOOD.
- [olggleSJ
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
- SO WHEN DID YOU FIRST
REALIZE
THAT YOU WANTED TO BE
A LAWYER?
- ALL RIGHT, I WAS
IN A CIVIL RIGHTS CLASS
WHEN I WAS AT STANFORD.
GO CARDINAL, BY THE WAY.
PUT THAT IN YOUR REPORT,
IT'LL DRIVE YOUR CAL DAD NUTS.
- OH, MY GOD, I WILL.
I'M SECRETLY A STANFORD GIRL.
- SO...CIVIL RIGHTS CLASS.
IT WAS ALL ABOUT
THE FUNDAMENTAL RIGHTS
THAT WE HAVE AS CITIZENS.
AND THE WAY THAT
WE'RE ALL PROTECTED EQUALLY
UNDER THE LAW.
AND MAYBE IT SOUNDS CORNY,
BUT IT MEANT A LOT TO ME.
- AUNT JULIA, I HAD NO IDEA
THAT YOU DID THAT KIND OF LAW.
- WELL, UH...
[clears throat]
NO, I DON'T, ACTUALLY.
RIGHT NOW, ANYWAY.
- OH.
WHAT KIND OF LAW
DO YOU DO?
- HOW DO I EXPLAIN IT?
YOU'VE HEARD THE TERM
"MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS?"
- MM-HMM.
- MY JOB DEALS WITH
THE LEGAL IMPLICATIONS.
CORPORATE STRATEGY,
CORPORATE FINANCE.
IT'S THE BUYING, SELLING,
AND COMBINING OF COMPANIES.
AT THE END OF THE DAY, WE CAN
PROVIDE THE ACQUIRED COMPANY
WITH A BUY-OUT PACKAGE.
- IS IT--IS IT
A LOT OF MONEY?
- NOT IF I DO MY JOB RIGHT.
- OH.
- WAIT...MAYBE JUST--
DON'T--DON'T INCLUDE
THAT PART.
THAT'S--IT'S MORE COMPLICATED
THAN I JUST EXPLAINED.
- THAN SCREWING SOME POOR SLOB
OUT OF HIS RETIREMENT?
- WHAT?
- PRETI'Y WOMAN!
I WAS--I WAS
QUOTING JULIA ROBERTS.
BUT DON'T WORRY, I KNOW THAT'S
NOT WHAT IT'S REALLY LIKE.
- I WANT CHOCOLATE.
- YOU WANT CHOCOLATE
OR VANILLA?
[phone ringing]
- VANILLA.
- VANILLA. OKAY.
- OH, IT'S MY BROTHER.
HEY, WHAT'S UP?
- WELL, UH,
A COUPLE OF THINGS.
NUMBER ONE,
I HAVE TO CANCEL OUR WEEKLY
BASKETBALL GAME TONIGHT.
I AM SORRY ABOUT THAT.
AND NUMBER TWO,
I NEED A RECOMMENDATION
FOR A HIP RESTAURANT.
- ONE, THAT'S, LIKE,
THE EIGHTH TIME IN A ROW
YOU'VE CANCELLED THE GAME.
SO TECH NICALLY,
I DON'T THINK WE CAN
REFER TO IT
AS "WEEKLY" ANYMORE.
- YEAH, ALL RIGHT, JACKASS.
- LISTEN, WHAT KIND OF "HIP"
ARE WE TALKING ABOUT?
ANNIVERSARY HIP,
OR GUYS OUT ON THE TOWN HIP?
- NO, IT'S JUST THESE TWO
RETAIL CLIENTS
ARE IN FROM OUT OF TOWN,
AND SOMEBODY HAS
TO SHOW THEM A GOOD TIME.
I DREW THE SHORT STRAW.
- ARE YOU SURE YOU'RE
THE RIGHT GUY FOR THE JOB?
- YEAH, VERY FUNNY.
- WRITE THIS DOWN.
TAKE THEM TO CASA VILLA
ON SAN PABLO.
YOU'RE GONNA LOVE IT.
- ALL RIGHT.
- WELL, THEY'LL LOVE IT.
YOU'LL TOLERATE IT, OKAY?
- THANKS.
- YEAH, NO, NO.
- CAN WE GET TWO?
- NO, NO, WE'LL
GET IT AT THE TABLE.
WE'RE GOOD, WE'RE GOOD.
HI, HI.
I'M ADAM BRAVERMAN.
- YOU MUST BE
CROSBY'S BROTHER.
- YES.
- I HAVE A TABLE FOR YOU GUYS.
- OKAY.
- RIGHT THIS WAY, GENTLEMEN.
- YEAH, IT'S MY WIFE,
I'LL BE RIGHT WITH YOU.
- WE'LL BE ALL RIGHT.
- ALL RIGHT.
HEY, HONEY, WHAT'S UP?
- HEY, HONEY, CAN YOU
GET OUT OF YOUR DINNER?
- UH, WHY--WHY, WHAT?
SOMETHING HAPPENED?
- NO, NO, THERE'S
A THREE-HOUR BUG MOVIE
PLAYING AT THE IMAX,
AND HADDIE TOOK MAX,
SO YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS?
- LOOK, YOU JUST
QUEUE UP THE VAN MORRISON,
I'LL BE HOME
AS SOON AS I CAN.
- OH, HEY, ADAM.
KITTEN'S ON THE GRILL.
- SOON AS I CAN.
ALL RIGHT, BYE.
[dance music]
HI. HI, CHECK.
YOU GUYS
ARE GOOD, RIGHT?
YOU'RE ALL SET?
- WHOA.
- CAN WE GET ONE MORE ROUND?
- ONE MORE.
- OKAY, ONE MORE ROUND.
- WHOO!
- YEAH, ALL RIGHT.
BE'I'I'ER MAKE MINE A VIRGIN.
THERE YOU GO.
THANK YOU.
[phone ringing]
SORRY, GUYS.
JUST...MY WIFE.
HEY.
THE, UH,
THE MARGARITA TWINS
ARE HOLDING ME HOSTAGE HERE.
BUT, UH, I'M DOING
THE BEST I CAN.
WHAT ARE YOU WEARING?
- UM, ACTUALLY, I'M SORRY,
BUT IT WAS A FALSE ALARM,
OKAY?
MAX HAD A MELTDOWN
DURING ONE OF THE TRAILERS,
SO THEY CAME HOME EARLY.
I'M JUST CALLING
TO SEE IF YOU PICK UP
SOME CORNFLAKES
ON THE WAY HOME.
- HONEY, WE ALREADY
HAVE CORNFLAKES.
I GOT CORNFLAKES,
YOU GOT CORNFLAKES.
- HONEY, I KNOW THAT,
BUT I ACCIDENTALLY BOUGHT
THE ONES
WITH STRAWBERRIES, OKAY?
MAX SAID THAT
THEY LOOKED LIKE TOES.
- OKAY, I'LL PICK UP
SOME CORNFLAKES
WITHOUT TOES IN THEM.
BYE, _HONEY.
- [olggleSJ
- AND A VIRGIN STRAWBERRY
DAIQUIRI FOR YOU, SIR.
- THANK YOU. THANK YOU.
- ANOTHER ROUND!
- WHOO! ANOTHER ROUND!
all: _WHOO!
[olggleSJ
- THAT WAS A GOOD ONE.
- JUST ONE.
- YEAH.
- UGH.
AH.
- OH!
HONEY, HOW MANY
MARGARITAS DID YOU HAVE?
- JUST TWO.
- JUST TWO?
ASPIRIN'S IN THE CABINET,
AND YOU MIGHT WANNA
PUT SOME PANTS ON--
- I'M DONE.
- 'CAUSE GABY'S
GONNA BE HERE ANY MINUTE--
WAIT, CLEAN UP YOUR STUFF.
- NOPE.
- MAX.
- I THINK GABY MIGHT
BE CALLING IN SICK TODAY.
- REALLY? WHY'S THAT?
- WELL, I SAW HER
AT THE BAR LAST NIGHT.
- YOU SAW GABY
AT THE BAR LAST NIGHT?
- MM-HMM.
- WHAT?
SHE'S NOT EVEN
OLD ENOUGH TO DRINK,
HOW COULD YOU SEE HER AT--
- OH, YEAH, SHE IS.
AND IF TWO MARGARITAS
CAN DO THIS TO ME,
I CAN ONLY IMAGINE
WHAT TEN TEQUILA SHOTS
DID TO HER LAST NIGHT.
- WHAT?
STICKER SYSTEM GABY WAS
SHOOTING TEQUILA LAST NIGHT?
- OH, YEAH, IT WAS LIKE
A GIRLS GONE WILD VIDEO.
YOU KNOW,
I DON'T KNOW HOW
SHE CAN SPEND ALL DAY
DEALING WITH KIDS LIKE MAX,
AND THEN JUST
LEAVE IT ALL BEHIND.
- WELL, WHAT DO YOU THINK?
THAT SHE LEAVES HERE,
AND GOES HOME,
AND THINKS
ABOUT MAX ALL NIGHT?
I MEAN,
SHE HAS A LIFE, YOU KNOW.
- THAT'S WHAT I DO.
[doorbell rings]
- MM.
- UM, THAT'S HER.
PUT YOUR PANTS ON.
- YEP.
COME ON,
LET'S CHECK IT OUT.
- HONEY, NO.
- I WANNA SEE HOW SHE LOOKS.
I DON'T WANT HER AROUND MAX
IN CASE SHE'S LOOKING LIKE--
- LIKE YOU?
- I DID READING,
MATH, AND WRITING.
CAN I HAVE MY STICKERS NOW?
- DO I GET
A "GOOD MORNING" FIRST?
- GOOD MORNING.
DO I GET AN
EXTRA STICKER FOR THAT?
- HI, GUYS.
both: HI.
- I GET AN EXTRA STICKER.
- HAVE YOU BEEN OUTSIDE YET?
IT'S GORGEOUS.
- YEAH, SURE IS.
- SEE YOU LATER.
- BYE.
- MORNING.
- SHE LOOKS LIKE A MESS.
SHE LOOKS WRECKED, HONEY.
- VERY FUNNY.
- MM-HMM.
- YEAH.
- YOU'RE NOT
WEARING PANTS.
- THAT'S CORRECT.
- HEY, HAD.
- HEY, HOW WAS YOUR
CAREER DAY WITH JULIA?
- OH, MY GOD,
IT WAS REALLY AMAZING.
- OH, WHOO!
- IT'S SO NICE TO HAVE
THIS, LIKE,
FEMALE PROFESSIONAL
THAT I CAN
LOOK UP TO, YOU KNOW?
- MM-HMM,
THAT'S GREAT, HONEY.
- OH, MY GOD,
THERE'S THIS GUY,
HIS NAME'S, LIKE,
ROSS OR SOMETHING--
I DON'T KNOW.
AS FAR AS I CAN TELL,
HIS ENTIRE JOB
IS JUST TO GET AUNT JULIA
A LATI'E
WHENEVER SHE WANTS.
- WOW, LA'I'I'E GUY.
- [scoffs]
THAT WOULD BE SO COOL.
- YEAH.
YOU SHOULD'VE SEEN THE WAY
THAT EVERYBODY
JUST RESPECTED HER.
IT'S LIKE--LIKE,
HER SECRETARY IS A DUDE.
FIRST OF ALL.
AND EVERYBODY
CALLS HER "MS. BRAVERMAN."
IT'S LIKE SHE'S HER OWN
POWERFUL WOMAN, YOU KNOW?
OH, MY GOD.
SHE TOOK ME OUT
TO LUNCH AT THIS,
LIKE, REALLY EXPENSIVE PLACE.
[sighs]
IT WAS THE BEST MEAL
I HAVE EVER HAD.
- THIS IS THE WORLD'S
LARGEST KNOT.
- HEY, SWEETIE,
COME HERE.
YOU KNOW, HADDIE
REALLY GOT ME THINKING
ABOUT WHY I GOT INTO LAW.
- YEAH?
- DO YOU REMEMBER
WHAT I USED TO SAY
IN SCHOOL ALL THE TIME?
- YEAH, THAT YOU WANTED
TO MAKE PARTNER BY 30?
- NO, I SAID THAT ONCE.
NO, I SAID THAT ONCE
I PAID OFF MY STUDENT LOANS,
I WOULD GO TO WORK
FOR LEGAL AID.
- [chuckles]
YEAH, YOU SAID THAT ONCE.
AND IF I RECALL,
IT WAS AFTER A AL GORE RALLY.
ALL RIGHT, SWEET PEA,
YOU ARE OFFICIALLY DRESSED.
GO GET YOUR BACKPACK.
UM, WHAT IS THIS ABOUT?
- WELL, I GOT INTO THE LAW
TO USE IT TO HELP PEOPLE,
AND ALL
I'M DOING IS HELPING
BIG COMPANIES
CRUSH LI'I'I'LE COMPANIES.
- YOU LOVE CRUSHING
LI'I'I'LE COMPANIES.
- I KN--I KNOW, BUT WHAT
KIND OF PERSON LOVES THAT?
- [chuckles]
- [sighs]
- FRANK, I'M SORRY.
I'M HERE.
TRAFFIC WAS TERRIBLE.
- HEY.
- THIS...CAME FOR YOU.
MM-HMM.
- OH!
NO ONE'S EVER SENT ME
FLOWERS AT WORK BEFORE.
- PROBABLY COMES WITH
NOT HAVING AN OFFICE.
- OH, GOD.
- "PULCHRITUDINOUS?"
- IT MEANS BEAUTIFUL.
- SO WAIT A MINUTE...
HOW YOUNG IS YOUNG?
LIKE, YOU WERE
SAYING HE WAS YOUNG, BUT...
- YEAH.
- HOW YOUNG IS HE?
- YOU KNOW, LIKE, 29.
- OH.
WELL, THAT'S NOT TOO BAD.
- NO, HE'S 26.
I DON'T KNOW2V6V4-IY I'M LYING.
- YEAH.
- THAT'S NOT BAD.
- THAT'S 12 YEARS.
- IT'S 11 YEARS.
IT'S 11 YEARS,
AND EIGHT MONTHS.
- NO, THIS IS A GOOD THING.
- THAT'S A GREAT THING.
- AND HE'S AMBER'S--
HE'S AMBER'S ENGLISH TEACHER?
- YEAH.
- I KNOW.
- SO WHAT?
YOU SHOULD JUST GO FOR IT.
GOOD, GO FOR IT.
- YEAH.
- YEAH?
- I THINK IT'S GREAT, YOU KNOW?
- I LOVE IT.
- YOU'RE BOTH ADULTS.
- YEAH.
- AND HE'S SORT OF AN ADULT.
- [laughing]
HE'S AN ADULT.
- I'M SORRY, HOLD ON.
WAIT, IS HE HOT?
- YES, OKAY.
I MEAN, THAT'S NOT THE POINT.
- NO, I'M CHECKING.
- HE'S SCRUFFY, LIKE--
HE LOOKS LIKE
MARK RUFFALO, KIND OF.
- MM!
- I LOVE MARK RUFFALO.
- YEAH.
- HE IS SO CUTE.
I SAY YOU HIT THAT.
- UH, DID YOU?
- I DID.
- [laughing]
- OKAY.
NOW THAT WE'VE ESTABLISHED
THAT YOU'RE GONNA HIT THAT.
- I AM? OH, WOW.
- UH-HUH, YOU ARE.
- AND I HAVE
A PERTINENT QUESTION.
YOU'RE MAKING
A FIRST IMPRESSION,
YOU DON'T WANT TO SCARE HIM AWAY
WITH, LIKE, A CHIA PET.
- OH.
- OKAY, MARK MIGHT BE EXPECTING
SOMETHING A
LITTLE MORE...LESS.
- CHRISTINA!
- WHAT?
- WHY IS IT THAT
EVERY TIME WE HAVE
ONE OF THESE
FAMILY GET-TOGETHERS,
IT TURNS INTO
A TO-DO LIST FOR ME?
- HOW MUCH LESS?
IS THAT WHAT YOU HAVE?
- CROSBY THINKS CHANGING THE OIL
IS OPTIONAL.
- A SQUARE HAIR?
all: A LANDING STRIP.
- FOR SOMEBODY'S AIRPLANE.
- [laughing]
- WHAT IS GOING ON?
all: NOTHING.
- WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
- SARAH'S HAVING SEX
WITH AMBER'S ENGLISH TEACHER.
- NOT YET, NOT YET,
DON'T TELL.
- WHAT'S UP WITH THAT?
- I JUST HAVE A DATE.
I'M NOT--I'M GONNA HAVE A DATE.
- JUST A STRATEGY SESSION.
- UH-HUH.
- SO WE'RE PREPARING.
- ADAM, PLEASE.
- ALL RIGHT.
[all talking at once]
- HAVEN'T TOUCHED
HIS PICKLE YET.
- [sigh]
- WHICH REMINDS ME.
- I'M GONNA WASH MY HANDS.
- I'M SUPPOSED TO PICK UP
THE GIRLS TOMORROW NIGHT.
BUT IF I SEE HIM, I CAN'T.
AND--CAN ANYBODY HELP ME?
- I CAN'T DO IT.
I HAVE TO BE HERE WITH
MAX AND GABY, I'M SORRY.
HE CAN.
- WHAT?
- I JUST CAN'T.
- OH, ADAM CAN DO IT.
YEAH.
- YOU JUST NEED A BREAK.
- CAN ADAM DO IT?
- YES.
- THANK YOU, ADAM.
- SEE YOU LATER.
- ADAM CAN DO IT!
- SERIOUSLY, I WANNA KNOW
WHAT YOU'VE GOT
GOING ON DOWN HERE.
- OOH, YOU'RE GONNA FIND
YOURSELF SOMEWHERE
SOMEHOW
- [whispers]
HEY.
- LOOKS LIKE YOU GUYS
HAD A BIG DAY, HUH?
- OH, IT WAS COLOSSAL.
- OH, GOOD.
- HEY, IF YOU'RE COOL
WITH IT,
I WOULD LOVE TO HAVE ANOTHER
COLOSSAL DAY WITH HIM TOMORROW.
- OKAY.
- YEAH?
- YEAH.
- GOOD.
- COOL.
- THANK YOU.
UM...
- YEAH.
- COME ON.
- [clears throat]
- OKAY, CAN YOU--
- I GOT HIM.
- OW!
[loud electronic noise]
- SH!
- [whimpers]
- SH, SH, SH.
SH!
[giggIeSJ
- WHERE'S MY THING?
IT'S RIGHT HERE.
OKAY.
- OKAY.
- ARE WE GOOD?
- YEAH.
- OH, HIS BACKPACK.
HIS BACKPACK.
UH, I SHOULD PUT IT ON YOU.
- OW!
- NO, NO,
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
OKAY.
CAN YOU PUT THAT--
- [soft grunt]
- OKAY.
- ALL RIGHT.
- GOOD NIGHT.
- DRIVE SAFE.
- HM!
- HEY, MOM.
- OH, GOD.
HEY.
[clears throat]
[giggIeSJ
THAT'S GREAT.
OH.
[clears throat]
- WHAT?
OH...
THESE ARE
JUST OLD WORK FILES.
- OH.
- I SAW HOW EXCITED
YOU GOT WITH AUNT JULIA
FOR CAREER DAY,
SO I GOT SORT
OF NOSTALGIC, AND...
- RIGHT, WEREN'T YOU, LIKE,
A COUNCILMAN'S ASSISTANT?
- NO, A LEGISLATIVE DEPUTY.
I'LL SHOW YOU MY NAME.
"CHRISTINA BRAVERMAN,
LEGISLATIVE DEPUTY
TO COUNCILMAN MEMBER."
SO THESE ARE THE MINUTES
THAT I PROPOSED TO COUNCIL.
I WAS TRYING TO REDUCE THE
NUMBER OF ROADSIDE BILLBOARDS
AT THAT TIME.
- OH!
OKAY, SO, LIKE--
YOU STOPPED THERE
FROM BEING
TOO MANY BILLBOARDS.
- EXACTLY, BECAUSE THEY
WOULD BLOCK THE VIEWS.
- RIGHT.
- SO I HAD TO STOP IT.
- COOL
- YEAH.
IT PASSED.
THIS ORDINANCE PASSED.
- GOOD FOR YOU.
- GOOD FOR US.
[honking]
- THAT'S ME.
- THAT--WHAT--
- LATER.
OKAY.
- HAVE A GOOD DAY.
- HONEY, WHAT
ABOUT YOUR LUNCH?
- HEY, HON.
- HI.
- HOW ARE YOU?
- I'M GOOD.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- I WANT EGGS TODAY.
- OKAY.
WE CAN DO EGGS.
[motorboat noises]
- WATCH OUT,
A GOBLIN'S COMING THROUGH!
VROOM! VROOM!
[laughin
- OH!g]
- QUESTION.
- YES?
- WHAT'S WITH HASSELHOFF?
- OH.
[laughing]
WELL, SAFETY FIRST.
- OH.
- BESIDES...
HE CAN HELP WATCH
THE KIDS WHILE YOU...
HELP ME FIX A SNACK.
- UH...
YOU KNOW WHAT.
JABBAR'S NOT
A GREAT SWIMMER,
I THINK I MIGHT
STAY IN HERE WITH HIM.
- NO, I'LL GET IN
THE POOL WITH THE BOYS.
JABBER WILL BE FINE.
- OKAY.
- HERE WE GO.
COME ON, DUDE.
- RIGHT UP HERE.
- THEY LOOK HAPPY.
- THEY'RE PLAYING.
- YEAH.
- THAT'S WHAT KIDS DO.
- EVERYONE'S HAPPY.
- RIGHT.
- YEAH.
[both moaning]
OH, MY GOD, I CAN'T.
I CAN'T.
- YES, YOU CAN.
- NO, I MEAN--
YEAH, I CAN.
BUT I CAN'T BELIEVE
I'M ABOUT TO SAY THIS,
BUT LISTEN, HOLD--HOLD ON.
I JUST--
SPEAKING AS A PARENT,
I DON'T KNOW IF I'M COM--
I DON'T KNOW IF I'M
COMFORTABLE WITH THIS SCENARIO.
- WHAT_SCENARIO?
[olggleSJ
- WELL, THE SCENARIO
WHERE THE--
WHERE OUR KIDS
ARE DOWN IN THE POOL.
AND THEN WN'INIE UP HERE.
YOU KNOW WHAT, I CAN'T.
I CAN'T DO THIS.
- YOU'RE SERIOUS?
[sighs]
- OH, ALL RIGHT.
I'M GONNA NEED A MINUTE.
- HEY, WHERE'S HADDIE?
- UM, SHE'S AT STEVE'S.
CAN I STILL GET A RIDE,
OR SHOULD I HITCH ONE
FROM A CREEPY STRANGER?
- HOW WAS SCHOOL?
HOW WAS SCHOOL?
- IT WAS FINE.
- YEAH?
- YEP.
- HEY, YOU KNOW,
IF YOU WAN NA
LISTEN TO MUSIC
THIS CAR HAS AN
EXCELLENT SOUND SYSTEM.
- OH, NO, NO, NO.
- NO, WATCH THIS, IT'S
GOT AN IPOD DOCKING STATION.
- OKAY, UNCLE ADAM.
- LET'S CHECK IT.
OW!
- LOQUACIOUS.
VERY TALKATIVE,
GARRU LOUS.
AS IN "PRINCIPAL GRAYSON
IS EXTREMELY LOQUACIOUS."
- UH...
WHAT ARE YOU, STUDYING?
- YEAH, I'M STUDYING.
I KNOW IT'S HARD TO BELIEVE.
- THAT'S NOT WHAT I MEANT.
- IT'S FINE.
OKAY, I HAVE
THE S.A.T.'S ON SATURDAY.
- COOL.
- YEAH.
AND SO MY ENGLISH TEACHER
MADE ME A MIX TAPE
TO HELP ME STUDY.
- WOW.
THAT'S PRETTY DEDICATED.
IS HE A GOOD GUY?
- YEAH, HE'S--
HE'S A REALLY GOOD GUY.
ACTUALLY, HE'S COOL.
HE REALLY--HE CARES
IF I DO WELL OR NOT, SO.
- UH-HUH.
- WHAT?
- NOTHING, NOTHING.
THAT'S GREAT.
I'M REALLY
HAPPY ABOUT THAT.
- CAN WE LISTEN
TO SOMETHING ELSE?
- YEAH, SURE. ACTUALLY,
I'VE GOT SOMETHING
RIGHT HERE. LngITEN TO THIS.
- YOU LIKE VAN HALEN?
- [sighs]
- SO...
- IT'S SO NICE.
- THANKS.
- [clears throat]
UM. . .OKAY.
SO...
HERE IT IS.
- THE SOUND AND THE FURY.
[chuckles]
ONE OF MY FAVORITES.
- YES, I KNOW.
- I HAVE SEEN THIS BEFORE.
- YES, I KNOW YOU HAVE.
DO YOU WANT
SOMETHING TO DRINK?
- OKAY.
- SO THEN WHAT IS THIS?
LIKE, THE ENGLISH
TEACHER'S VERSION OF
"HEY, BABY, COME
OVER TO MY APARTMENT.
I'LL SHOW YOU
MY ETCHINGS," HUH?
- NO, UM.
THAT'S MY...
THAT'S MY COPY
FROM HIGH SCHOOL.
- AH.
- AND IF YOU
TURN TO PAGE 47,
YOU'LL SEE WHAT PARAGRAPH
I HIGHLIGHTED
WHEN I WAS 17 YEARS OLD.
THAT'S WHAT
I WANTED TO SHOW YOU.
- OH.
MM.
HM, HM, HM.
[gasp5]
"CADDY GOT THE BOX,
AND SET IT ON THE FLOOR,
"AND OPENED IT.
IT WAS FULL OF STARS.
"WHEN I WAS STILL,
THEY WERE STILL.
"WHEN I MOVED,
THEY GLINTED AND SPARKLED.
I HUSHED."
- USE THE TRUTH
AS A WEAPON
THAT'S WHAT
I WROTE MY PAPER ABOUT.
- I KNOW.
- THAT AMBER PLAGIARIZED.
SO TELL ME THAT
THAT ISN'T WEIRD.
- IT'S WEIRD.
- YEAH.
TWO PEOPLE FROM
TWO DIFFERENT HIGH SCHOOLS.
HUNDREDS OF MILES--
- DECADES APART.
[laughing]
- THAT WE PINPOINTED
THE EXACT SAME PARAGRAPH
IN THAT BOOK.
- [sighs]
- THAT'S A LITTLE WEIRD.
- THAT IS WEIRD.
- THAT'S SO WEIRD.
- BUT I LOVE THAT PART.
- I KNOW.
- THE BOX OF STARS IS SUCH
A GOOD METAPHOR FOR CADDY.
- YEAH.
BRIGHT AND--AND BURNING.
- BUT SHE'S CLOSED OFF
IN A DARK,
CLAUSTROPHOBIC PLACE.
- BUT SHE'S LIGHTING UP
EVERYBODY AROUND HER.
- SEDUCED ME WITH
THE SOUND AND THE FURY.
- [chuckles]
IT WORKS_EVERY TIME.
- [olggleSJ
- HERE YOU GO.
- THANK YOU.
HEY.
- HI, CAN I HAVE
A CHOCOLATE MILKSHAKE, PLEASE?
THANK YOU.
- HI.
- HEY.
- WHY SO EARLY?
- I JUST--
I'VE BEEN TRYING
TO SQUEEZE IN THIS WALK
WITH CHRISTINA ALL WEEK.
AND JUST THAT
SIMPLE ACT REQUIRES
THAT I GET TO WORK EARLY,
SO I CAN GET HOME EARLY,
BEFORE GABY'S
DONE WORKING WITH MAX.
- WOW.
- I KNOW.
HERE'S WHAT
I WAN NA TALK ABOUT.
I'VE BEEN THINKING
ABOUT THIS WHOLE THING
WITH YOU
AND AMBER'S TEACHER.
- HIS NAME IS MARK.
- WELL, I DON'T THINK
IT'S A GOOD IDEA.
- WELL...
- THANK YOU.
- THANK YOU FOR
THE UNWANTED ADVICE.
- SARAH.
- IS THAT WHY WE GOT UP
SO EARLY?
FOR YOU TO TELL ME--
- SARAH, LISTEN.
- THAT I SHOULDN'T BE HAPPY?
- WHEN I GAVE AMBER A RIDE HOME
LAST NIGHT,
IT WAS PRE'ITY CLEAR TO ME
SHE HAS A MAJOR CRUSH
ON THE GUY.
- NO, SHE DOESN'T.
- YES, SHE DOES.
YOU REMEMBER WHEN
YOU WERE IN HIGH SCHOOL
AND YOU HAD THAT
CRUSH ON MR. LIVITSKY?
HOW WOULD YOU HAVE FELT IF
MOM SLEPT WITH MR. LIVITSKY?
- OH, GROSS!
- YEAH, EXACTLY.
- NO, ADAM, IT'S DIFFERENT.
MOM WAS MARRIED.
- IT'S NOT DIFFERENT.
- AND MOM WAS MOM.
- SARAH.
LOOK, I JUST DON'T WANT
TO SEE YOU FALL INTO ANOTHER...
- ANOTHER FAILURE?
- NO. YOU KNOW WHAT?
- 'CAUSE NOTHING I DO
EVER WORKS OUT.
- NO, NO, NO. YOU KNOW WHAT?
NEVER MIND, NEVER MIND.
FORGET ABOUT IT.
I JUST--I SEE AMBER HAPPIER,
I SEE HER ENGAGED.
AND I DON'T WANNA SEE
HER BACKSLIDE, THAT'S ALL.
- I SEE THOSE THINGS.
YOU'RE NOT THE ONLY GOOD PARENT.
- OKAY, WOW.
WELL, ALL I'M ASKING YOU
TO DO IS JUST--
JUST THINK ABOUT IT
BEFORE YOU DO ANYTHING.
I GO'I'I'A GO.
ENJOY YOUR MILKSHAKE.
- [sniffs]
[knocking]
- YEAH?
- HELLO.
- HEY, WHAT'S UP?
WHAT?
WHY ARE YOU BEING WEIRD?
- I'M NOT BEING WEIRD.
I JUST CAME
INTO YOUR--TO...
- DID SOMEBODY DIE?
- NOBODY DIED.
UM...
[exhales]
I...
MET SOMEBODY.
- THAT'S GREAT.
- BUT WAIT, THERE'S MORE.
IT'S SOMEBODY YOU KNOW.
- WHO IS IT?
- IT'S, UM...
YOUR TEACHER.
MR. CYR.
- [shocked laugh]
- MR. CYR.
- YEAH, WELL, I GUESSED
IT WASN'T MRS. HASBROOK.
- NO, NOT WITH
THOSE ORTHOPEDIC SHOES.
- [giggIeSJ
- I MEAN,
YOU LIKE HIM, RIGHT?
- YEAH.
- I KNOW,
I--I JUST WASN'T SURE.
- IT'S GREAT.
I SAID IT WAS GREAT.
- JUST A COUPLE TIMES, YOU KNOW.
I DIDN'T--IT WASN'T--
I JUST WANTED TO MAKE
SURE THERE WAS SOMETHING...
DO YOU WANNA TALK ABOUT IT?
- NO, NO, I JUST WANNA STUDY.
[door closes]
[Amber sobbing]
- HEY, I'M HOME!
- HI.
- CHRISTINA.
- YES, ADAM.
- GET YOUR SHOES.
- WHY?
- 'CAUSE WE'RE GONNA
GO FOR A WALK, COME ON.
COME ON, I'M HOME EARLY FROM
WORK, THE TRASH BINS ARE IN,
AND MAX IS WITH GABY
FOR ANOTHER HALF HOUR.
COME ON, LET'S GO!
- OH, NO, HONEY,
HE'S NOT.
SHE LEAVES EARLY
ON THURSDAYS, I TOLD--
- NO, NO, NO, I PLANNED THIS.
- I'LL SEE YOU GUYS LATER.
- BYE, GABY.
- BYE.
- HEY.
- HEY, GABY.
- WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT
MAKING A LITTLE OVERTIME TODAY?
- OH, I CAN'T, I HAVE
ANOTHER FAMILY AT 7:00.
- WELL, LOOK, THAT'S
NOT FOR ANOTHER TWO HOURS.
I'M JUST LOOKING FOR ONE,
IT'S PERFECT.
- RIGHT, IT'S
JUST REALLY IMPORTANT
THAT I TAKE A BREAK
AND HAVE TIME TO MYSELF.
I HOPE YOU UNDERSTAND.
- WE UNDERSTAND COMPLETELY.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR TODAY,
AND WE'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW.
- SEE YOU TOMORROW.
- OH, I'LL CALL
YOU LATER ABOUT...
- OH, YES.
- THANK YOU.
- OKAY, BYE.
both: BYE.
- WOW.
- SHE'S SO GREAT.
- THAT'S GREAT, YEAH.
- SHE'S AMAZING.
- YEAH, THAT'S GREAT THAT
SHE GETS SOME TIME TO HERSELF.
MAYBE SHE CAN MAKE ANOTHER
DATE WITH JOSE CUERVO.
- OH, GOD, ADAM, COME ON.
- IT'S GOOD YOU'RE
BEING SO SUPPORTIVE
OF HER, THAT'S GOOD.
- WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
- NOTHING.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
JUST FORGET IT.
I'M GONNA GO CHECK ON MAX.
- OKAY, HE'S FINE.
AND HE'S NOT THE ONE
I'M WORRIED ABOUT RIGHT NOW.
WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM?
- WHAT IS THAT SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
- HONEY, YOU'RE
ALL WOUND UP, OKAY?
IT MEANS THAT YOU NEED
TO TAKE SOME TIME FOR YOURSELF.
GABY'S RIGHT, IF YOU
DON'T TAKE TIME FOR YOURSELF,
YOU'RE GONNA SNAP.
YOU'RE ALREADY SNAPPING.
DON'T DO THAT,
WE HAVE A SYSTEM SET UP.
IF MAX CLEANS UP HIS TOYS,
HE GETS A STICKER.
- OKAY, I'LL
JUST LIVE LIKE THIS.
AND WHEN EXACTLY
AM I SUPPOSED
TO SCHEDULE THIS
"ME TIME" FOR MYSELF?
- ADAM, I DON'T KNOW.
YOU KNOW, MAYBE WE CAN
PUT IT ON THE DRY ERASE BOARD.
- THE DRY ERASE BOARD
DOESN'T ACCURATELY REFLECT
THE TIME SUCK THAT
IS MY FAMILY AND MY JOB.
- HEY, THEY ARE ADULTS
AND THEY WILL MANAGE.
- I DON'T KNOW HOW IT WORKS,
BUT IT SEEMS LIKE
EVERYBODY ELSE HAS A LIFE.
YOU KNOW, CROSBY'S GOT A LIFE,
SARAH MOVES BACK HOME
TO HAVE A NEW LIFE,
EVEN GABY'S GOT A LIFE.
- YOU HAVE A LIFE.
- I DON'T HAVE A LIFE.
YEAH, I DON'T
HAVE A LIFE, CHRISTINA.
I HAVE A SCHEDULE.
- YOU HAVE A LIFE.
HOW DO YOU THINK
THAT MAKES ME FEEL?
YOU HAVE A SCHEDULE...
- CHRISTINA,
THIS ISN'T ABOUT YOU.
- THEN WHY IS--
- I FEEL LIKE EVERYBODY'S
TREATING ME LIKE A DAMN
HOUSEHOLD APPLIANCE
ALL THE TIME.
- OH, YOU TOO?
- MAYBE IT'S ABOUT I'D LIKE
TO GO FOR A WALK WITH MY WIFE,
BUT I CAN'T BECAUSE CROSBY
NEEDS TO CONSULT WITH ME
ABOUT JABBAR,
OR KATIE, OR SARAH.
OR YOU KNOW, HER KIDS
NEED A FATHER FIGURE.
HOW AM I SUPPOSED
TO SAY NO TO THAT?
- I DON'T KNOW.
- AND THEN MY OWN KIDS.
TRYING TO GET HADDIE
INVOLVED WITH FAMILY TIME.
OR MAX--GOD, I WISH
I KNEW WHAT TO DO FOR MAX.
- STOP.
- OR BEHAVIORAL AID.
- MAYBE WHAT YOU NEED TO DO.
MAYBE WHAT YOU NEED
TO DO IS TAKE A BREAK.
- I CAN'T TAKE A BREAK!
- YES, YOU CAN TAKE A BREAK.
TAKE A BREAK.
[sniffles]
[knocking]
- HEY.
- HI.
- PLEASE COME IN.
- HEY.
- YOU KNOW, IN TWO YEARS,
AMBER'S GONNA BE GRADUATED,
AND YOU'RE GONNA BE, UM, 30.
YOU KNOW, ALMOST 30.
[chuckles]
AND, UH...I THINK
THAT MAYBE THAT'S THE TIME
THAT WE SHOULD GO OUT NEXT.
- WAIT.
WAIT,
WHAT, WHAT. . .?
- I'M ASKING YOU
TO GO OUT WITH ME.
- IN TWO YEARS?
ARE YOU--DID YOU
JUST BREAK UP WITH ME?
- THIS IS JUST
THE BEST I CAN DO.
- WHOA, SARAH, SARAH,
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
THIS IS WORKING.
- NO.
THIS IS NOT
THE PART OF MY LIFE
THAT IS SUPPOSED TO BE
WORKING.
I MOVED HERE TO
TAKE CARE OF MY FAMILY
AND I'M DOING A TERRIBLE JOB.
I'M SORRY,
BUT FOR NOW I JUST,
I CAN'T THINK
OF ANYTHING ELSE TO DO.
- WAIT, WAIT.
WAIT, I DON'T WANT
TO WAIT TWO YEARS FOR THIS.
DO YOU?
- THEN DON'T, OKAY?
- NO, THAT'S
NOT WHAT I MEAN.
SARAH, I...
I REALLY LIKE YOU.
I--I REALLY LIKE YOU.
- NO, I REALLY LIKE YOU.
I REALLY LIKE YOU.
- OKAY, SO IT--
WAIT, WAIT.
SARAH, SARAH.
SARAH!
[whirring noise]
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- HI, GOOD MORNING!
DO YOU WANT SOME COFFEE?
I MADE SOME COFFEE.
IT'S A BIG DAY.
COME ON, TAKE SOME COFFEE
FOR THE ROAD.
BUT JUST TODAY
YOU MIGHT CONSIDER THIS.
IT'S GOT ALL KINDS OF
MAGIC ENERGY AND STUFF IN IT.
AND JUST PUT THAT
IN YOUR BAG, YOU KNOW?
I'VE MADE THESE--
WELL, I DIDN'T MAKE THEM.
BUT YOU KNOW, YOU HAVE
TO USE A NUMBER TWO PENCIL,
'CAUSE IF YOU USE ANOTHER--
YOU KNOW THIS PROBABLY--
- I'M OKAY.
- IF YOU DON'T--
YOU GOTTA--
AMBER.
AMBER!
- [sighs]
- GOOD LUCK.
[door opens and slams shut]
- HEY, CROSBY.
- HEY, BUDDY.
- SWEETIE, I WANT YOU
TO WAIT HERE FOR ME, OKAY?
I NEED TO TALK TO CROSBY.
- BUT CAN I GO?
- NO, STAY HERE.
- BUT HE'S THERE.
- STAY HERE.
STAY HERE.
- EVERYTHING ALL RIGHT?
- WHEN YOU ASK
TO SPEND TIME WITH JABBAR,
I KIND OF EXPECT YOU
TO SPEND TIME WITH JABBAR.
- I DID.
- YOU'RE BUSTED.
HE TOLD ME
ABOUT YOUR PLAY DATE.
- WELL, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT HE TOLD YOU, BUT--
- OUR SON IS NOT CHICK BAIT,
CROSBY, COME ON!
- NOTHING HAPPENED.
- REALLY?
- NO, I MEAN,
IT WAS ABOUT TO HAPPEN.
BUT I STOPPED IT.
- YOU STOPPED IT?
- YEAH, I HAD
A CRISIS OF CONSCIENCE.
AND I MEAN, IT WAS KIND OF
A BIG LIFE MOMENT, ACTUALLY.
- I'M REALLY GLAD THAT YOU HAD
A VALUABLE LEARNING EXPERIENCE
WHILE LEAVING OUR FIVE-YEAR-OLD
SON ALONE IN THE POOL.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU?
- WHOA, HEY, JASMINE.
I WANNA BE THE GUY
YOU THOUGHT I WAS.
- BE IT.
- WELL, I'M TRYING.
- MOMMY, AM I GONNA
STAY WITH CROSBY TODAY?
- NOT TODAY, SWEETIE,
NOT TODAY.
- WHY?
- BYE, BUDDY.
- LOOK,
I'LL SEE YOU SOON.
- IF YOU WANT SOMETHING,
ASK ME.
THAT'S WHAT PEOPLE DO,
THEY USE THEIR WORDS.
THEY DON'T USE
TELEPATHY OR SOMETHING.
IT'S JUST THIS LOOK
THAT SHE DOES ALL THE TIME.
AND I'M SURE YOU'VE SEEN IT.
- HADDIE, I WANT YOU
TO LOOK AROUND HERE.
SEE THIS PLAY STRUCTURE
AND ALL THIS LANDSCAPING,
AND THESE BENCHES HERE?
- YEAH.
- WELL, THIS COMPANY
THAT BUILT THIS BUILDING
WANTED TO USE
EVERY INCH OF THIS LAND
TO PUT UP OFFICES.
AND YOUR MOTHER
STEPPED IN AND FOUGHT THEM.
GOT THEM TO PUT UP $200,000
TO BUILD THIS LI'I'I'LE PARK.
[children playing]
WITHOUT HER,
THIS WOULDN'T BE HERE.
- WOW.
THAT'S SO
ERIN BROCKOVICH OF HER.
- WELL, NOW YOU KNOW
WHAT YOUR MOTHER USED TO DO.
HEY...
THANK YOU.
- FOR WHAT?
- COMING OUT HERE
WITH YOUR DAD TODAY.
I KNOW THERE
ARE OTHER THINGS
YOU'D RATHER BE
DOING WITH YOUR SATURDAY.
- NO, THERE AREN'T.
- NO?
- NOPE.
- YEAH, THAT'S WHAT I THOUGHT.
THAT'S WHAT I THOUGHT.
- YEP.
[cell phone ringing]
- STEVE?
- HE WAS JUST SUPPOSED
TO CALL ME
IF BASKETBALL GOT OUT EARLY.
WE WERE GONNA HANG OUT,
BUT IT'S FINE.
I'M GONNA TELL HIM
THAT I CAN'T, THAT I'M BUSY.
- NO. GO.
HAVE A GOOD TIME.
- NO, DAD, IT'S FINE.
I DON'T MIND, I DON'T MIND.
- PLEASE, HADDIE, GO.
BE 15.
JUST BE A GOOD GIRL.
- ARE YOU SURE?
- I'M SURE.
- OKAY, THANKS, DAD.
HELLO?
[gasp5]
HI! OH, MY--NO!
NO WAY!
YEAH!
NO, NO, NO, NO, YEAH.
I'M COMING OVER RIGHT NOW.
OKAY, BYE.
- I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU DROVE
ALL THE WAY FROM FRESNO.
- I'M HERE NOW, OKAY?
- OKAY.
- HOW WAS YOUR TEST?
- UM, I DIDN'T GO.
- YOU DIDN'T TAKE--
- NO.
WHAT DO YOU CARE?
LET'S GO.
- WHERE ARE WE GOING?
- ANYWHERE.
LET'S JUST DRIVE, OKAY?
[mellow guitar and vocals]
- A DECAF SUGAR-FREE
VANILLA LA'I'I'E.
OH, YOU GUYS!
HEY, STEVE.
- HEY.
- HONEY, THIS IS
REALLY SWEET OF YOU.
THANKS, HONEY.
- WE STOPPED BY PEET'S,
AND I DIDN'T KNOW IF
YOU'D WANT YOUR REGULAR.
IT'S NOT REALLY A BIG DEAL.
- IT IS A BIG DEAL,
THANK YOU.
- DID YOU KNOW THE SUGAR-FREE
SYRUPS ARE WORSE FOR YOU
THAN THE REGULAR ONES?
WELL, THERE'S
A BUNCH OF SITES ON IT.
I CAN SEND YOU THE LINK,
OR, YOU KNOW, WHATEVER.
- WAIT,
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
- WE'RE JUST GONNA
HANG OUT IN MY ROOM.
- NO, HADDIE. HADDIE
- WHAT?
- KEEP THE DOOR OPEN,
PLEASE.
- OF COURSE.
- WHERE'S YOUR DAD?
- OH, I DON'T KNOW, WE
SPLIT UP LIKE THREE HOURS AGO.
- WHAT?
FUNNY SITUATION
EVERYBODY SEEMS TO IGNORE
YOU CAN'T LEAVE HERE
UNTIL YOU FIND THE DOOR
[phone ringing]
YOU CAN'T LEAVE HERE
UNTIL YOU FIND THE DOOR
OOH, AH
HOO, AH
HAH